All right everybody.
This is gonna be really really fun.
We're going to create an actual contact page where users can submit contact information and enter a
message so that they can contact you online.
Now if we go to the Quick Start Guide on flask and we go to accessing request data.
This actually shows you how to handle it and right over here in the request object is the code for us
to actually grab information from the browser.
Now there's even things like file uploads so we can get people to load their files and actually send
it to our server.
But for now let's just focus on this.
I want to copy the code first and then we're gonna talk about what's happening.
Let's go to our server dot pie.
We have our basic roots right here.
And let's add a another one like this.
Now the only thing I care about right now is this part right here.
I want to create a new route that I'll name for now.
Submit form and this is something that will actually have to create it's going to have methods post
and get.
And again this is just the default get means the browser wants us to send information posts simply means
that the browser wants us to save information but we won't worry about that for now.
We also want to define a function called submit for and finally I want to just return for now a form
submitted.
Hooray.
Message so that's our submit form.
End Point but it's not doing anything right now.
We're never calling this on the front end on the browser.
So how can we get this to work.
Well let's go to the contact dot HMO and figure out when we click the button.
What happens and actually let's just search for it.
If I go to title page you see that we have the send button.
So when we hit send it we ideally send some information to the server.
So let's command F and look for the send
and look at that.
It looks like it's over here.
Let's make this a little bit bigger.
Just like that.
So we see what's going on we see that we have a button of type submit and this is the button that we're
clicking to send.
So it's online 74 now at the top here.
We see that we have something called form and with form we have an action that we can take.
This is standard HMO.
When HMO was created the idea was to display pages but also using this form be able to send data to
the server and we do that using this action attribute.
And in here we can put post or get and if you remember that's exactly what we have here this end point.
We'll be able to accept methods either again or post.
Now we don't need to get into the details of what get versus posters but a good way of thinking about
it is we can send data with get by simply attaching the information to the you are out in here.
But ideally you don't want to send people's emails and message in the U.R.L..
Ideally we want to send it in through some body of tax that's not so clear and obvious.
So in our case we're gonna use post and I'll show you how this works.
So we're going to have an action in here that is post.
Now the way this actually works is we will have to call the submit form which by the way is what our
endpoint is going to be.
So that with a form when I click
send over here it's going to run this you are all essentially submit form with a method
that is post so the action submit form will be posted when I click send let's say this and double check
that it works.
So I'm going to say submit form here.
I'm going to save and for now I'm just going to return forms submitted her right.
If we go back and just write some gibberish let's actually refresh make sure it's new if I click send.
Look at that I get form submitted her right and you see that the end point here is submit form.
This was the action that we added in the ACM offer.
Again if we go back open up the developer tools go to network here.
Let's make this a little smaller.
If I click send look at that in my network you see that we have the submit form if I click on it I get
the response which is form submitted.
Hurray.
And if I go to headers you see that I did a post method because that's what I said.
This is going to be me sending data to the server.
You'd see that the content type is application x w w w form you are all encoded.
This is just a standard data type that we can send when we use the form tag in H2 amount but we don't
need to worry about that because we now have access to the data that the user sent.
So in the next video we're going to try and capture the data that I sent to the server and actually
read it with our Python code.
I'll see in the next one by.